---
widget: blank
headless: true
title: "**Open Call**: Organizing Committee for M2PI2024"
active: true
weight: 34
design:
  columns: '1'
---

We are excited to announce an open call for individuals interested in joining
the Organizing Committee for Math to Power Industry 2024 (M2PI2024). We are
seeking enthusiastic and dedicated members of the PIMS Network to join the
dedicated team which has made this event a success since 2020.


### What is Math to Power Industry?


Math to Power Industry is an annual event organized by PIMS with the primary
objective of connecting graduate students with mentorship opportunities provided
by industry professionals. This is achieved through hands-on collaborative
projects that enable students to apply their mathematical knowledge to
real-world industry challenges. The event serves as a bridge between academia
and industry, fostering meaningful connections that can propel the careers of
emerging mathematicians and contribute to industry advancements.


### Leadership for Event Planning

The planning for M2PI2024 will be led by [Kristine Bauer](/authors/bauerk/), and
we are seeking input and expertise from new organizing committee members to
continue to evolve this successful program. Past M2PI Organizing Committee
members include [Allen Herman](/authors/hermana/) (Chair of the 2022 Committee),
[Anthony Quas](/authors/aquas/), [Ruth Situma](/authors/rsituma/) and [Ian
Allison](/authors/iana/).


### Why Join the Organizing Committee?

By becoming a part of the M2PI2024 Organizing Committee, you will have the
opportunity to contribute to the success of this unique initiative. Committee
members will gain substantial experience in helping graduate students in the
mathematical sciences connect to non-academic career pathways. Committee members
will play a crucial role in:

* **Mentorship and Industry Relations**: Work to secure industry professionals who
  will serve as mentors and provide valuable guidance to the participating
  graduate students. Collaborate on the creation of hands-on projects that will
  be undertaken by graduate students during the event.

* **Event Logistics and Promotion**: With the support of Kristine and Carrie and the
  PIMS team, assist with the logistical aspects of the event including course
  selection, recruitment, and review of application files to ensure that the
  event benefits the participants as much as possible.

* **Participant Engagement**: Facilitate networking opportunities and workshops that
  enhance the interaction between graduate students and industry mentors.


### How to Get Involved


If you are passionate about fostering connections between the emerging
generation of mathematicians and industry professionals, eager to contribute
your expertise, and excited about promoting the value of mathematics in solving
real-world problems, we encourage you to apply to join the Organizing Committee.
To express your interest, please email us at industry@pims.math.ca with your
name, a brief statement of your background and interests, and how you would like
to contribute to the Math to Power Industry 2024 event.


This is your chance to make a substantial impact on the mathematical community
by facilitating invaluable mentorship and hands-on experience for graduate
students. We look forward to welcoming new members to our Organizing Committee
and working together to make M2PI2024 a resounding success.


For any questions or further information, please do not hesitate to reach out to
Kristine Bauer <industry@pims.math.ca>.


Thank you for your commitment to the advancement of mathematics and the
empowerment of the next generation of mathematicians in the industrial
landscape.
